**Fell into it - from BF to slave**

The phone beeped, I looked at the cigarette held between my fingers, the smoke rising in the air after a brief frantic twist quickly disappeared without a trace.

The time rewind to a year ago. If there hadn't been that threesome, there might not have been anything today.

The day I got home from work, the two of us at dinner, the BF chattered to me that he heard a friend (Xiao Xin) say that a couple of husbands in our group had a threesome with someone (we have a small group of more than 30 people who occasionally come out to meet and sing K).

"Who did you hear that from? Don't talk nonsense about such things."

"Just I told you about Xiao Xin ah, the last party added WeChat, recently chatted with him when I heard him say."

"You little sufferers just like to gossip, others have no threesome how he knows, you do not say it outwardly, not good!"

"Hey, hey, got it! But he said a good thing, he said it was his friend who participated, maybe it's true."

"So what if it's true? What, do you want a threesome too?" I couldn't help but tease BF with a curious baby look.

"Yes, you always say you want to find someone to fuck me, huh, let you watch me being fucked by someone else, angry at you."

I didn't think for a moment that BF would answer that way, and I couldn't help but be a little stunned. But I did talk to my BF when I was fucking him about finding another big cock to fuck him with, one to fuck him in the ass and one to fuck him in the mouth, and so on, and every time he heard that he got especially excited and came very fast. But when it comes to sex, of course, this kind of talk is for the sake of excitement, but also to meet their own little fetish of perverted masturbation. But every time after making love he denied it, and also asked me if I did not love him, so I never took it seriously, and now he answered this way instead, so I do not know how much is true and how much is false. Although and small north together before also participated in a few one or two times a threesome, but basically single time and friends together to fuck small 0 or I a fuck two, and their own BF 3P has not really been; but listen to the BF said so, I really some heart, after all, we have been together for more than 3 years, although the sex life is very harmonious, but the frequency of sex is obviously less than when we first got together.

"Fine, go find one and see if you can find a better one than your husband." I said, deliberately angry.

"Look for it, who is afraid of who, find it you do not regret." Looking at the BF's fried hair, I laughed helplessly and shook my head, treating it as if he was messing with me.

As usual, after dinner, I went to play the game, and the BF was lying in bed playing with his phone. The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who have been in the market for a long time, and they've been in the market for a long time. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a good deal on this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get the best out of you.

"The BF didn't expect me to grab his phone, and forgot to grab it back for a while. The BF is chatting with a man (Zou Pengfeng) on WeChat, and I quickly paddled to the top.

"Hello" BF.

"Hello, what's your situation? I'm 25/184/75/18/1"

"I'm 26/173/62/0; my husband is 29/182/72/16/1", BF replied.

"You pair? Looking for what, a threesome? Is your husband okay with that? Photos to look at?"

"You send your first I see" BF.

"......"

I did not look in detail at the content of what follows, they added friends from 10:00, chatting for almost half an hour, BF also exchanged photos with him, it can be seen that he is very satisfied with our two, directly sent a JB photo over. Click on the JB photo to take a look, a thick fat JB filled the screen, so big ah. My already 16cm, but his look thicker than mine, pink ghost head, sinewy, across the screen I seem to be able to smell a man's unique hormonal smell, indeed a good dick, no wonder the BF can talk for so long. I then clicked on his avatar to take a look, clean-cut features, eyebrows and lip shape is quite good, is a handsome man, I also some heart. The bottom of the page, he sent a few messages in a row.

"Do you like it? Want another date?" , "Can your husband let me grass?"

"......, my husband can not, he pure 1."

"Can you do it, my cock is so big, must let you two feel good?"

"No, my husband will not be grassed."

"Then I'll fuck you ...... with your husband.", "Hey, talk back, huh? About or not?"

"Your husband can't? Then I'll fuck you with your husband."

I was dumbfounded to see this, what I didn't expect was that BF was actually asking someone out, and I didn't get angry watching them chatting like this on WeChat, instead my crotch got a slight erection of JB. I turned my head to look at BF, he shyly buried his head in the quilt, not at all like chatting with Zou Pengfeng so bold and revealing.

The air was quiet for a few minutes, and when BF saw that I didn't make a sound, he peeked out of the quilt with a red face and looked at me. "I ......"

"You really like him on a date, but let's say first, just a date 419" said, I threw the phone back to BF, BF awkwardly holding the phone at a loss for words.

"Well, then I really about ah, husband, you do not get angry". Said and picked up the phone back to WeChat.

2 minutes later, the BF to his phone to my hand a plug on the general run to the bathroom, while running while I will go downstairs to pick up Zou Pengfeng cell door. I can feel the BF is a little shy, after all, our first threesome, or his initiative about people, I guess embarrassed to face me, urinating to go to the shower, I did not point out. I looked at the chat messages on his phone.
 BF has sent the cell phone number and positioning to Zou Pengfeng.

The waiting time is not long, not long, WeChat came Zou Pengfeng's message, he has arrived at the entrance of the community, let us go down to pick up.

"You wait at the door for a while, I now go to the entrance of the community to bring you in." After sending the message, I said hello to the BF and went downstairs.

I have to admit, some people are born so attractive to people's eyes. The first time I saw Zou Pengfeng, I was attracted to him. The first time I saw him, I recognized him from the dim, yellow streetlights at the entrance of the neighborhood. Short hair, a thin denim jacket with a white T-shirt, uniform muscle lines feel good, two nipples faintly protruding, gray sweatpants will be his body outlined clearly, the buttocks are very arrogant, the whole person looks extra neat, clean, the more you look at the more sexy and charming.

"This way!" I waved at him and shouted. He trotted quickly to my side, his eyes inadvertently swept over my body, and it was clear that he was quite satisfied with me too.

"You are Xiaofeng, right (his WeChat name), Xiaobei is in the shower, we live in the back of the building, come with me. "I guided Zou Peng Feng towards home, in order to avoid embarrassment, can only pretend to exchange pleasantries with him, but Xiao Feng is more familiar, along the way we chatted quite pleasant, walked to the elevator, hand has been on my shoulder, his arm is very hot, mixed with a man's body unique smell makes me like an untouched little girl's heart beat faster, good thing it's dark he did not I think of the scene that will happen later, the lower half of my body has begun to fill with blood. At this time, Xiao Feng came to my ear and asked softly.

"Brother, do you often ask people to have threesomes?"

"No, this is the first time."

"Wow, I'll be sure to satisfy my sister-in-law later, hey," he said and grabbed my butt. I immediately tensed my legs, and not to be outdone in his buttocks a hard scratch, while obediently opened his hand. So we live on the 4th floor, the elevator will soon arrive.

As soon as you enter the door, Xiao Feng can't wait to ask me, "Brother, where is your bathroom, just hurry over, didn't have time to pee, this will not be able to hold it."

I looked at the bedroom light, thinking bf should be inside the room, embarrassed to come out.

"I'll take you to it, just as I go to take a shower. Have you washed?"

"I have washed, just want to pee, suffocated me."

I led Zou Pengfeng to the bathroom and he followed me in. Two people went into the toilet one after the other. The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on the right one. I can see that he peed unspeakably happy, underwear and pulled down, the pair of JB balls tightly wrapped all the way in the underwear also freed up to loosen up. I stood next to him, turned around and undressed, but eyes to the side of Zou Pengfeng. At this time Zou Pengfeng is facing me sideways, Zou Pengfeng 184, wide back, slim waist, arse reflected in my eyes. Seeing such a perfect body, my big cock and involuntarily a large circle, in a semi-erect state. The two men did not say a word, the toilet echoed with the sound of peeing.

The two of you have been in the same room for a long time. He put his pants up, only to find that I had been staring at his JB next to him in awe.

"Hey, how about it, I have a big dick, like it?" Said deliberately jerked his cock at me.

I was actually a little harder down there watching Zou Pengfeng's movements. No, you can't be alone with him anymore, something will happen.



"It's really good, brother's body is also very good ah, is my favorite type."

"Okay, you finish peeing and hurry out to find Xiao Bei, I first shower."

"Okay," said, bumbling out of the bathroom.

I turned on the faucet, the warm moist gas in the bathroom mixed with the erectile hormones, making me excited, I wonder what BF and Xiao Feng in the room, will not have started, I can not wait to smear the body wash, a few minutes to rinse the whole body clean, surrounded by a towel and out of the bathroom, the bedroom door secretly pulled open a crack, glanced at the bed no one, has not started?

** I pushed open the door and looked at the scene in front of me and instantly felt the blood surge ......**

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
