The first spurt of sexual desire is also the most eager stage; and my sex life also reached its peak in this period, from ordinary dating, to multiple people, and then to the bathroom passion, step by step, the deeper I fill the gulch of desire, how can not be satisfied; during the period, I met a lot of people, there are handsome mb, there are also slutty to hard to meet the urban thirsty resistant 0, there have been shaped marriage but often eaten out The strong man, but also and I like to fill the gulch to play the high up the college students. The people of all kinds and I intertwined, constituting a history of my promiscuity.
One, and Long Qiang first acquaintance
The first time I met him was in the early hours of the weekend, after bouncing with my classmates at a bar, we opened a hotel near me, my classmates were drunk and fell asleep on the bed; I had nothing to do, I opened the dating software, a masculine and handsome avatar photo attracted me, clicked to take a look at the personal signature inside, then I knew it was a fee.
I tried to tease a sentence: "Handsome, what price?" 7 z0 D% c0 }+ C9 U0 n# Z
The other side immediately replied, "Fast food 500, overnight 800."
"You see I am a poor student, can give some discount not, I am not bad." I attached a few private photos of myself and sent them to the other side. The actual a lot of people are not only a lot of people, they are also a lot of people.
The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a good deal on a lot of things.
The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a good deal on a lot of things. The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a lot of money from the internet.
The first time you order mb there is really a sense of excitement, this kind of sexual dating with the nature of the transaction gave me full of fantasy space.
I knocked on the door of the room, only to see a mouth with a half-smoked cigarette gangster face showed up, he half peeked out of the body, chin high up, frowned a quick glance at me, signaling me to come in quickly. I have a touch of apprehension and embarrassment walked in, his lower body around the bath towel, wearing the hotel's disposable slippers, walking with a "rustling" sound caused by friction on the ground, bare calves covered with a layer of sparse leg hair, the skin of the whole body in the room's dim ambient light looks smooth and shiny, good-looking. The sturdy body with distinct muscle lines, is simply a model of mannequin, can go to the art college for art students to copy!
"You went downtown tonight specifically to play?" he asked. He asked. 3 ^1 X/ Z9 A; o, \& z: m
"After playing with friends from the bar, the bar is very crowded today. Do you barhop?" 2 B/ u( x$ U! ]5 m: N! Q, l" s
"The actual fact is that you'll be able to get a lot more than just a couple of days to get a lot more than just a couple of days.
"The actual fact is that you are going to be here for how long?"

"Haha, I don't have much money either, but I'm sure you won't get any less than what you discussed with me! Just let me have a good time tonight, maybe I'll even add some extra money!"
"It's no problem to fuck you! It's been a long time since I've met a juicy customer like you, haha!" 0 \! R% R# g7 `2 {, \, j6 A( x
........
We had a chat for a while and learned that he was 92 years old, had been a soldier for two years, did a little business of his own failed, and now doing mb is already the fourth year. I can't wait to wash well, the daisy filling very clean, looking forward to a good sex tonight, after all, is spent money, can not lose money, I think so in my heart.
The first thing that I want to do is to give you a push back and relax, he took out a large bottle of essential oil from his travel bag, poured it on my back, and then applied it to himself, hands together with palms for me to keep pushing back, with a slight erection of the cock from my ass crack back and forth, the oil seems to have a heating effect, the body feels hot and itchy, the rise in body temperature also makes my heart run wild with desire.
I moaned, "Honey, I want you to come in, come in, my asshole is so empty." ( l" K/ u/ P% d. E
"The actual fact is that you will not have to spend the night with me tonight, there is no hurry this moment, first let me play well"


"The actual fact is that you will be able to get a lot more than just a few of the most popular and also the most popular.  D0 C4 M& B" {% y
"That can not dare, haha, I did not purse you a few days ah"
"The actual fact is that you can't get a lot of money from the company.
I lay limp on the bed, Long Qiang with his own robust body pounced up to hold me tightly, kept using his tongue in my ears, ha ha, my scalp a tingling, the whole spirit of ecstasy; he used his tongue again to change between the two ears licking back and forth, I have to say, the sensory nerve of the ear has a special magic, so that people can quickly enter the state." A+ r6 B5 K! j3 n* H
He turned and then went on to lick my nipples, around my belly button, down to my cock, scrotum, testicles, perineum, anus, and I felt covered in his saliva, wet and good.' f6 u6 [5 \9 G4 w
"Slut, how many years of fitness!" Long Qiang asked with a sexually provocative tone of voice cursing.
"Three years." I groaned while responding in a low voice.
"Nice, muscle slut0! muscle slut!" 0 _) r* G! h. t0 F- n b0 l0 C
I hit freshman year on the fitness, know Long Qiang when the body is already very good, before the low body fat is better dating, so in the local study years about no less than 30 men, sex experience is still very rich. , g2 a+ R1 }+ @
He applied lube to his hands, first with a finger, followed by two, three, to get my asshole a little looser, I sucked a big mouthful of rush; waiting for his big cock to come in! & y% \7 |+ G) t: e! P: C
The actual black cock bar of Long Qiang is not very thick, but 17cm long and looks like a black snake from a distance. In the dim bedside lamp, his ketone body emits a sexy wheat yellow, abs want to be cut by a knife, into a block, the furrows are deep. He had an inch of hair with a gangly face, and after all this time he was still getting hard just thinking about it!
His python entered my body just as the inhaled rush began to take effect! I've got a lot of people who are not sure what to do, but I've got a lot of people who are not sure what to do.
"The actual fact is that you'll be able to get a lot more than just a couple of hours. I begged. The actual fact is that you will be able to get a lot more than just a few of these.
The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a good deal on a lot of things.
"Crap, it's so hot and slippery inside!" * ~! m1 n, ?9 o& x" C
"My asshole is specially for husband to fuck! Hubby fucked me so well!" , J0 A( f6 b4 F+ e/ W9 J! Q
"Slut, fuck your ass like this is too good, so easy to cum!"
"At least fuck me for an hour!" + } }9 v1 j" k0 k; }( D3 ^
Long Qiang grabbed my hair with his right hand and held me with his left hand around my neck, his head buried in my ear, like a diligent plowing cow, working hard to sow seeds in my slit. I took another big gulp of rush and moaned even more slutty, Long Qiang listened to my voice changing the rhythm of the attack, the sound of slapping echoed throughout the room!" }$ v5 w F5 l8 m6 I- I" u
This way dry for ten minutes, Long Qiang will be the cock pumped to draw, my asshole at this time has closed. The mouth of the asshole is very cool and feels like there is wind pouring in.
Long Qiang laid down on the bed and I knew he was trying to get me to sit up.
"Squat, like shitting, facing me." ; N. d. g! o* P# f- P: B
I squatted on top of his big cock, he cupped my face in his hands and tongue kissed me, and in this position, he thrust like a pile driver against my asshole in a high frequency, I made a "mmmm ~ ~" sound, and my face was held together.
"I can't take it anymore! The asshole is swollen!"
Long Qiang issued a bad laugh, and then pushed my ass up against my asshole a lick, my asshole is now secreting fluid, lick clean, we two kissed together, full of a lustful taste; we two seem to be one!
"Baby, it's so good to fuck you!"
"Cut the crap, keep going!"
I got on my back like a frog and signaled for him to get back in! He re-oiled himself and thrust in with his black anaconda! "Ahh ～～～～" I let out a long breath of pleasure, my asshole is so full! I love this feeling!
Long Qiang evenly thrust my asshole, while thrusting and squeezing my breasts. I really want him to shoot his love juice in my asshole and become one with me. After more than 10 minutes of rear-entry, we switched to side-entry; side-entry is a little deeper and more comfortable compared to other positions, without discomfort. No wonder colonoscopy is also a side entry. , x5 U+ h6 Z: _+ ]
I pinched my nipples with my hands, while Long Qiang was a moment of even speed, a moment of high frequency, I was happy with the two eyes rolled over, screaming mouth dry, asshole has been very satisfied with the fuck.
"Come on the final sprint, husband!" ! w0 N* ~& J& n
"Then let's change into the first position. "4 Z! G) I2 h4 M4 Q' k( L
"Okay, tongue and sprint at the same time!"
I repositioned myself, with my legs wrapped around his waist, my asshole facing his black python, fully caved in, waiting for it to enter my slit and spawn. Long Qiang was sweating all over, his body looking even more attractive and exuding manly masculinity; his cock had started to take on a slight reddish tinge from the initial black python. We took a big sip of rush together, and Long Qiang re-oiled his black python and inserted it. We both let out an "ah ～～～～" cry. ( _. @: I6 c5 v
 
"Ah! I'm about to cum."
Long Qiang held me tighter, mouth kept grunting, the sound of snapping snapping snapping snapping snapping snapping crisp and tight.
"Ah! Wife, cum together! I'm coming too."
My semen broke through the barrier and my asshole contracted violently and spurted out, spraying all over my face and Long Qiang's, who let out a low roar and began to slowly lower the frequency of his thrusts. We both ejaculated.
"Baby, you're cumming a lot!"
"It's all reserved for you."  O1 i" x" F |9 T! t$ T" R
We kissed together, cum tumbling back and forth in our mouths.
The next day, I reluctantly left, and returned to the hotel when the students were still sleeping soundly. The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you're getting into.
"Next time give you a discount."
"Sex with me and money and cool, not a loss! I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a good deal on this," I replied. * Z& M/ \6 l- _
That time is really the top three nights in my life, and the later in the bathroom dark room condomless group p and other sexual things are all the later things ......

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
