**Husband gang-raped in the bathroom**

True or false self identification

First introduce yourself 
I am 30, height 175, only 52 kg, is a monkey 0, all say monkey jb big, indeed, my size is not small, long 19, thick 5 bar, but unfortunately does not have any eggs, is a dead dick. I've been with my husband for two years, my husband is pure 1, when we got together he was only three, is the kind of net body, abs pectoral muscles are very obvious, just jj a little small, and his 180 body than, the contrast is still a little big, his jj almost 10cm long, thick also on 3, but is very match with my jugular, into the time does not hurt, move also very comfortable. Sometimes the right one is the best one.

It happened six months ago, my husband is on summer vacation, my company happens to be not busy, so I took the annual leave and he went to Harbin to play together, the first few days is the rhythm of shopping and eating, the third day, he and I feel bored, nothing to do, we want to say that we should go to the bathroom in Harbin to see, I heard that the bathroom in the north is very wild, there are often live version, anyway, will not meet acquaintances to see, of course, I and The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not too clean, and I and he are also more concerned about safety, usually two people have sex with condoms, not to mention going to the bathroom, have said well not to do, just look.

/ Q, E# I" H- d3 q6 M, o6 K

The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who have been in the business for a long time. The first time I came, I was a little shy. The shower is next to a sauna, push the door in, you see two pairs in that mouth, are middle-aged people, we did not look more, continue to go inside, the hall is not much people, there are a few in the sleep, no clothes, the north in the end is open, jb are big la la open there, the most inside a dark room, outside you can hear the popping sound, my husband and I went in and smelled a sweat, inside for many people, my husband and I I and my husband squeezed into the crowd, I saw a young man lying on the bed, behind a very manly man in the dry, behind that man there is a tall thin guy in the fuck that man, grow so big in addition to watching movies I still see others open train for the first time, I reached over to touch, the man's jb very thick, but also without a condom, the 0 estimated to be very cool dry, and kept humming, this time suddenly I felt someone through the pants in my my ass, I turned back to hold the hand of my husband, found not him, immediately knocked that hand off, and then a hand mutual asshole, continue to watch the live version, the thin guy soon ejaculated, squeezed through the crowd on the go, the man still dry, feel to put the 0 top through, the 0 reached out to grab a thick jb nearby and began to eat, the man did not hide, stood to the 0 The man also did not hide, stood to the 0, holding his head, dry his mouth.

I was watching with great enthusiasm, my husband lay on my mouth and said that it was too stuffy inside, he went outside to shake. I let out a bang and went back to watching my live version. The man who was dry for another 5 minutes, roared a few times and ejaculated, the man who was dry again a few times, pulled out and went out, walked past me when rubbed my arm sweat. 0 front of the man to see 0's asshole empty out, went to the back, took out a condom on, directly dry in, the 0 look is not yet satisfied, issued a moan of relief. This 1 dry frequency is particularly fast, is the legendary electric motor buttocks, dry the 0 completely released self, a strong scream. This time I looked back, and a few more people, a person from my side squeezed in, went to the 0 in front of the jb stuffed his mouth, but also while pinching 0 nipples, the 0 seems to be nipples are particularly sensitive, was blocking the mouth to send out the sound of mmmmm sound, called me this dead dick also hard up, I continue to stay for ten minutes it feel the body are around people's stink sweat, the two in the dry also did not want to The two people who were doing it didn't mean to end it, so they squeezed out of the crowd and went to find their husbands. After hanging around outside for a while, I couldn't find my husband, but the bathroom was crowded, so I hung around again and still couldn't find him. The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get to the door, but you can't get to the door, so you can go to the lobby and find a bed to lie down and wait for your husband to come to me.

7 V' N% x# _6 N7 N: x+ `: W

The site in the dark room seems to be over, out of a lot of people are hanging around outside, looking for a target, there are a few fat middle-aged over to touch me, I have avoided, many people are not wearing clothes pants, there are a few jb looks really big and thick, if not I have a family, or would like to try it. Another 20 minutes waiting, still no husband found, I walked to the sauna again, there are a few less people inside, but still very crowded, I squeezed in sideways, it was very dark inside, you can hear the obvious sound of flesh colliding, and the 0 whimpering, next to two people whispering, probably this 0 has been three men ejaculated, now fuck him that jb is very big, but also said that 0 jb The back and squeeze in a few people, I was trapped in the middle. This time the 0, began to struggle constantly, the fuck him 1 to hold the 0, jb in and out of the amplitude has also become larger, fuck not a few times, I feel feet were splashed wet, a urine smell thick up, next to the people began to be a little agitated, said urine urine, the 1 is also very excited, fierce dry a few times, ejaculated out. The people next to see the ejaculation, they slowly retreated, I also retreated with the tide of people, I stood in the doorway for a while, found that my husband did not come out, so I went back in and looked around, found that there were two or three other people, through the open door, saw that 1 was peeing on the face of that 0, he grabbed 0's hair up, let 0 to his jb, looked, I was shocked, it was my husband, just that 0 is My husband. I froze in a daze, my husband also saw me and looked straight at me, the 1 finished peeing, cursed a slut and walked out. I just reacted and went in to help my husband up, my husband's legs have been weak, I took a lot of effort to help him out of the sauna, my husband also recovered a little at this time, in the shower room simply rinsed off, changed clothes with me and took a taxi back to the hotel.

The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a lot of money for the money.

The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a lot of money from the internet. I don't know what to say, just stay with him at the door, after half an hour, the husband can no longer pull something, open the shower and start rinsing. I saw a lot of condensed semen with blood in the toilet. My husband finished flushing and regained his senses, told me he was sorry and hid under the covers to sleep, I also simply flushed and hugged my husband.

! ^6 w3 ~; o. D& P

The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a lot of money to pay for their own personalized products. The more you take it, the better the result. You have to take it on time every day for 28 days. Fortunately, the interval between my husband's high-risk behavior is not long, so it should not be a problem to take the medication on time.

After 3 months, I accompanied my husband in our local CDC test, the reality is that the results are negative, my husband and I are relieved, my husband also showed a big smile for the first time in months.

Later I asked my husband what was going on, my husband said he and I separated after the blind wandering outside, wandering for a while to see me there are too many people, go to the sauna to see, not long after entering the two strong men racked body, one in front of licking him, one in the back of the top, he wanted to break free, the results of the two 1 force is too strong, he could not get out, the 1 afraid he screamed, take socks and underwear stuffed his The mouth, without touching the oil on the dry in, and later was gang raped.
